README.md, before:

# Secret Message Task Application

The Secret Message Task Application is a web-based application that allows users to send secret messages securely using PHPMailer for email delivery and OpenSSL for encryption and decryption.

## Prerequisites

Before running the application, ensure that the following software is installed on your system:

- Apache HTTP Server
- PHP
- MySQL

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```bash
    git clone <repository_url>
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd secret-message-task
    ```

3. Ensure that the Apache server is configured to serve the project directory.

4. Start the Apache server and navigate to `http://localhost/secret-message-task` in your web browser.

## Configuration

All configuration settings for the Secret Message Task Application are managed in the `config/settings.php` file. Before running the application, make sure to update this file with the appropriate settings for your environment. Here's an example of what the `settings.php` file may look like:

```php
<?php

// Database settings
define('DB_HOST', 'localhost');
define('DB_USERNAME', 'your_db_username');
define('DB_PASSWORD', 'your_db_password');
define('DB_NAME', 'secret_message_task');

// PHPMailer settings
define('SMTP_HOST', 'smtp.example.com');
define('SMTP_PORT', 587);
define('SMTP_USERNAME', 'your_smtp_username');
define('SMTP_PASSWORD', 'your_smtp_password');
define('SMTP_ENCRYPTION', 'tls');

// OpenSSL cipher key
define('OPENSSL_CIPHER_KEY', 'aes-256-cbc');
?>
```

Ensure that you have already created the settings.php file with the necessary settings before running the application.
## Usage

    Sending a Secret Message:
        Navigate to the application in your web browser.
        Enter the recipient's email address and the message you want to send.
        Click the "Send Message" button.

    Reading a Secret Message:
        The recipient will receive an email containing a code for the secret message.
        You have to copy that code to access the secret message.
        Enter the code provided by the sender to decrypt and view the message.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions, feature requests, or bug reports, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Updated Readme File and Database Export

README.md, after:

# Secret Message Task Application

The Secret Message Task Application is a web-based application that allows users to send secret messages securely using PHPMailer for email delivery and OpenSSL for encryption and decryption.

## Prerequisites

Before running the application, ensure that the following software is installed on your system:

- Apache HTTP Server
- PHP
- MySQL

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

    ```bash
    git clone <repository_url>
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd secret-message-task
    ```

3. Ensure that the Apache server is configured to serve the project directory.

4. Start the Apache server and navigate to `http://localhost/secret-message-task` in your web browser.

## Configuration

All configuration settings for the Secret Message Task Application are managed in the `config/settings.php` file. Before running the application, make sure to update this file with the appropriate settings for your environment. Here's an example of what the `settings.php` file may look like:

```php
<?php

// Database settings
define('DB_HOST', 'localhost');
define('DB_USERNAME', 'your_db_username');
define('DB_PASSWORD', 'your_db_password');
define('DB_NAME', 'secret_message_task');

// PHPMailer settings
define('SMTP_HOST', 'smtp.example.com');
define('SMTP_PORT', 587);
define('SMTP_USERNAME', 'your_smtp_username');
define('SMTP_PASSWORD', 'your_smtp_password');
define('SMTP_ENCRYPTION', 'tls');

// OpenSSL cipher key
define('OPENSSL_CIPHER_KEY', 'aes-256-cbc');
?>
```

Ensure that you have already created the settings.php file with the necessary settings before running the application.

## Export MySQL Database

Export the MySQL database file (cablesandkits.sql) from the config/database/ folder and import it into your MySQL server or phpMyAdmin.

## Usage

    # Sending a Secret Message:
        Navigate to the application in your web browser.
        Enter the recipient's email address and the message you want to send.
        Click the "Send Message" button.

    # Reading a Secret Message:
        The recipient will receive an email containing a code for the secret message.
        You have to copy that code to access the secret message.
        Enter the code provided by the sender to decrypt and view the message.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions, feature requests, or bug reports, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
